## Approach:
------------
- Make the algorithm work for 1 PDF.
- Have full test suite coverage.
- Introduce 2nd PDF.
- Modify code as little as possible to make all tests pass on 2 PDF.
- Rinse and repeat until it reliably works for n PDFs.

## Setup:
---------
Note: PyCharm can handle this for you.


From project root, FeatureExtractorPy/ 

#### Interpreter:

`python3.9`

#### Create venv:

`$ python3 -m venv env`

#### Activate venv:

`$ source myenv/bin/activate` or on Windows: `$ myenv\Scripts\activate.bat`


#### To install requirements:

`$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

#### To save dependencies, run:

`$ pip freeze > requirements.txt`


#### To deactivate venv:

`$ deactivate`



## Requirements analysis:
-------------------------
<!-- - Read data from PDF generated by CAD software into CSV. -->
- List dimensions from the drawing and list them in a CSV with tolerance in next
  column/s for up to 3 different types of tolerances.
- Define which quadrant the dimension is in.
- Read data from Bill of material (BOM)
- Read data from Parts List
- Read data from title block:
  - Drawing number
  - Revision
  - Date
  - Units
  - Description
  - Page number
  - Orthographic projection
  - Dimensions


- List geometric tolerances: 
  - Runout
  - Flatness
  - Perpendicularity
  - Parallelism
  - Position
  - Surface finish
  - etc.

See the box that says the tolerances of dimensions that are otherwise
untoleranced - so use that to see what tolerance the dimensions are depending
on the number of digits after the decimal poiny


Notes:
------

In mechanical engineering, technical drawings are essential for communicating
design ideas and specifications. Engineers use various projection methods to
create these drawings, with First Angle Projection and Third Angle Projection
being the most common. These two methods are used to create orthographic views
of a 3D object on a 2D plane.

First Angle Projection: In the First Angle Projection, the object is placed in
the first quadrant of the 3D Cartesian coordinate system. This means that the
object is positioned between the projection plane and the observer. When the
object is projected onto the plane, the views are unfolded in a
counter-clockwise direction. The layout of the orthographic views in First
Angle Projection is as follows:

Top view is below the front view Right side view is on the left side of the
front view Left side view is on the right side of the front view Bottom view is
above the front view First Angle Projection is primarily used in Europe, Asia,
and other countries that follow the International Organization for
Standardization (ISO) standards.

Third Angle Projection: In the Third Angle Projection, the object is placed in
the third quadrant of the 3D Cartesian coordinate system. This means that the
observer is positioned between the projection plane and the object. When the
object is projected onto the plane, the views are unfolded in a clockwise
direction. The layout of the orthographic views in Third Angle Projection is as
follows:

Top view is above the front view Right side view is on the right side of the
front view Left side view is on the left side of the front view Bottom view is
below the front view Third Angle Projection is primarily used in the United
States, Canada, and other countries that follow the American National Standards
Institute (ANSI) standards.

It is crucial to indicate the projection method used on a technical drawing to
avoid misinterpretation. Engineers typically use a symbol to indicate whether a
drawing follows First Angle or Third Angle Projection. The key difference
between the two projection methods is the arrangement of orthographic views and
the direction of unfolding the views.

## Libraries:
-------------
https://camelot-py.readthedocs.io/en/master/user/advanced.html

